h1. TXP Mimima

February 17, 2013

Welcome to the latest version of "TXP Minima":http://jonathanstubbs.com/txp-minima/, a simple front-end theme for "Textpattern CMS":http://textpattern.com based on the excellent "Foundation framework by Zurb":http://foundation.zurb.com.

h2. Installation

To install this and use this theme, all you need to do is:

# Install and activate the _glz_custom_fields_ plugin
# Copy the included @default@, @archive@ and @error_default@ pages *over* your current page templates (back up first if you'd like to revert back to them later)
# Set up the custom fields as set out in the @/screenshots@ image folder
# Ensure that you have the current *Foundation* folders and files (this download includes the current version - Foundation 3.2.0) installed on your server
# Ensure you edit the page templates to add your own social links, fonts and a large favicon (64x64px) etc...
# Use the custom fields as indicated when creating/editing your articles

h2. Theme specifics

The TXP Minima theme is designed to be used as a 'tumblelog' style of blog. Users may enjoy the ability to set various pre-set _content types_ (blog, media, video, link, quote) and style each one accordingly.

To change the in-built markup for the content types, simply edit one of the custom field blocks in the @default@ page template.

The stylesheet - @site.css@ - is designed to add to and/or override style rules from @foundation.css@. Foundation by default uses @app.css@ for this and you can copy/paste the style rules to @app.css@ if you prefer.

h2. Updates

Any updates to the theme will be placed on "GitHub":https://github.com/jstubbs/TXP-Minima.

h2. Theme usage

The theme is very easy to change should you wish to do so thanks to Foundation. Sites that use this theme (or a customised version) include:

# http://jonathanstubbs.com/
# http://piapetterson.com

h2. Questions/comments

If you have any questions or comments, please post in the "Textpattern Support Forum thread":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=39368. *Enjoy the theme!*